---
layout: commentable
title:  "Launch Day!"
date:   2023-06-16
categories: jekyll update
---

<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/css/pagination.css" type="text/css">
<link rel="stylesheet" href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/css/links.css" type="text/css">

Today - June 16 2023 - is the official launch of <a href="https://colombochetty.com" class="link">colombochetty.com</a> &#127881;

With over 200 historical documents and 1200+ people in our database, <a href="https://colombochetty.com" class="link">colombochetty.com</a> aims to preserve the genealogy of the Colombo Chetty people. 

Check out this video overvew of the site <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/video" class="link"> here</a>&#128205;

I hope you enjoy exploring <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/records" class="link"> historical documents</a> and <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/trees" class="link">family trees</a>, as well as the <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/" class="link">homepage</a> which has a profile of Anthony Xavier Anandappa whose 150th birth anniversary is this year. To get full access to all content and stay up to date, please <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/account" class="link">sign up (or login)</a>. For more background on the project, checkout this <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/about" class="link"> about page</a>.

A quick aside... June 16 also happens to be the birthday of my grandfather, Benson Anandappa, as well as his brothers Tony and Regis - they were coincidentally born on the same day in different years! I would like to dedicate this website to these three brothers. 

Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to talk with me and share your memories. I've had a lot of fun working on this project and I'm so happy to now share it with all of you through this website.

This website is a work-in-progress and I plan to continually add content and create posts. Here are a few features that I would love to add in the future:
- &#128467; Calendar of birth, death and marriage dates of ancestors (and the living!)
- &#128506; Map of the current location of Colombo Chetties
- &#127960; A recreation of New Chetty Street from the early 1900s 
- &#128116; More detailed stories of ancestors

Please feel free to reach out to me at <a href = "mailto: ben@colombochetty.com"  class="link">ben@colombochetty.com</a>. If you notice anyone missing from the family trees, I will be happy to add them. Any contributions such as historical documents or stories are more than welcome, too, and I would love to hear what you think of the website! 

 &#150; Ben Anandappa 